the white rubber membrane roof on this
house TBL roof there's the one thing
we're using to get our certification
through bill green New Mexico on this
house so the homeowner actually gets in
tax credits back highly reflective roof
now they're stinging together
sorry geez well be seen together
come back and double-check all the
scenes
the world everywhere
here's the fiber underlayment it goes
underneath the roof and essentially just
roll it out like a big piece of carpet
cut it to fit pull it back put down the
adhesive then put the sheet of membrane
back in place as you can see what the
guys are doing over here
putting down the adhesive and they'll
roll that membrane back over in place
press it firmly down and take it from
there
here we are just about done with all the
major portions of the tpo roof that's
the garage area they're working on over
there this is the main hallway right
here underneath us the study and master
bathroom area right over there we master
suite right down below this roof area
here we are on the roof over the living
room the rear court all the copper trim
badge I'll be here tomorrow that we
built to go on the exterior of that
radius on the four top and back over
here over the guest room kitchen dining
room area so this is going to be a
really really
look Andrew so the cold in the moisture
got us today so we cannot use any of the
adhesive to put down anymore the PPO
roof today just won't work properly
so most into doing something we're gonna
have to turn around and fix it so we're
working on waterproof from the parapets
today that's what the black ice and
water membrane is we put on top of
Harris so we have completely waterproof
structure we can go pick up the
skylights
so essentially you know the house is
pretty well dried in I don't have to
worry about any water getting on my wood
windows we installed the windows
yesterday so hopefully tomorrow will
actually allow us to get back to work
and get this roof finished off right
away
you